# Design Plan

_Describe the overall design of your study. This research plan is designed to
register a single study, so if you have multiple experimental designs that you
wish to preregister, please complete separate preregistrations for each of
them._

## Study Type

---

\ Experiment (incl. a manipulation or treatment to which participants are
randomly assigned) \_\_

---

\ Observational study (data collected from subjects without having been randomly
assigned to a treatment) \_\_

**Other:**

---

## Study Design

Describe your **study design**. Is it a between-subjects (unpaired),
within-subjects (paired), or mixed design? If applicable, specify
manipulation(s), groups tested, and repeated measurements. For typical types of
study designs, see Appendix 2.

---

**Experiment / Intervention study**: involves a manipulation of exposure on the
subject level

---

\_\_or NA Are effects of an intervention tested in one population by allocating
participants randomly to the experimental or control group and testing pre and
post intervention? (randomized controlled study)

\_\_or NA Are participants allocated to only one group or re-allocated to the
other group after a wash-out period? (crossover study)

\_\_or NA Are intervention effects tested in different populations? (e.g.,
patients vs. controls)

**Observational study**: only measures exposures and outcomes, no manipulation
of the exposure

\_\_or NA case-control study (e.g. patients vs. healthy controls)

\_\_or NA classical fMRI study (e.g. healthy participants performing the same
task)

\_\_or NA cross-sectional study (e.g. differences in fMRI activity predict
between-person differences in a trait)

\_\_or NA cohort study/longitudinal study (e.g. fMRI or change in fMRI predict
within-person change in a trait)

---

## Experimental design

Describe the experimental design of the task(s) performed in the scanner. You
can fill in the table for each task or write a paragraph below as you would for
your publication and use the table as a checklist. Consider sharing the code and
link to it here.

**Design specification**

---

Design type (task, rest; event-related, block, mixed design, naturalistic)

Instructions to subjects (what were they asked to do?)

State whether or not participants practiced the task, and if so, describe the
practice.

Conditions & Stimuli (as detailed as possible, pictures encouraged)

Number of runs, blocks, trials or experimental units per session and/or subject

Timing and Duration (length of each trial and interval between trials, jitter)

** or NA Was the design optimized for efficiency? If so, how? ** or NA
Randomization/pseudo-randomized/counterbalancing (why/why not done & how)

Length of experiment (length of full scan and each run) \*\*or NA Run order (of
tasks within scanner)

Presentation software & response collection (software and hardware, name,
version, operating system; code if possible)

**Piloting**

\_\_ or NA Did you validate your stimuli? (If yes, describe study & results)
\_\_or NA Did you pilot your study design? (If yes, describe study and results)

_Note: this question has a variety of possible answers. The key is for a
researcher to be as detailed as is necessary given the specifics of their
design. Be careful to determine if every parameter has been specified in the
description of the study design. There may be some overlap between this section
and the following section. That is OK, as long as sufficient detail is given in
one of the areas to provide all of the requested information._

## Blinding

Blinding describes who is aware of the experimental manipulations within a
study.

---

\_\_or NA No blinding is involved in this study.

---

\_\_or NA For studies that involve human subjects, they will not know the
treatment group to which they have been assigned.

\_\_or NA Personnel who interact directly with the study subjects (either human
or non-human subjects) will not be aware of the assigned treatments. (Commonly
known as "double blind")

\ Personnel who analyze the data collected from the study are not aware of the
treatment applied to any given group. \_\_or NA

**or NA Additional blinding in this study:**

---

## Randomization

Is there any form of randomization of your participants and/or staff? If so,
detail the type of randomization (e.g., simple randomization, block
randomization, stratified randomization, minimization) and the mechanism used to
implement the random allocation sequence (e.g., a certain software). Note that
the randomization applied in the experimental design of your task can be
described in the section **Study Design** above.
